#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohttp==3.9.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.2.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.2.0
    # via langchain-core
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.7.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.3.2
    # via streamlit
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   streamlit
    #   yake
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
emoji==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via anyio
fonttools==4.47.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.40
    # via streamlit
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==6.11.0
    # via streamlit
jellyfish==1.0.3
    # via yake
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
    #   pyecharts
joblib==1.3.2
    # via nltk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.20.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.11.2
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.0.352
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.6
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
langsmith==0.0.73
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.20.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   wordcloud
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.2.1
    # via yake
nltk==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   contourpy
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
    #   wordcloud
    #   yake
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
pandas==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
    #   streamlit
pillow==10.1.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
    #   wordcloud
plotly==5.14.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prettytable==3.9.0
    # via pyecharts
protobuf==4.25.1
    # via streamlit
pyarrow==14.0.2
    # via streamlit
pydantic==2.5.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.14.5
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.8.1b0
    # via streamlit
pyecharts==2.0.4
    # via streamlit-echarts
pygments==2.17.2
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   streamlit
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
referencing==0.32.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2023.10.3
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   segtok
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   streamlit
    #   vadersentiment
rich==13.7.0
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.15.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
segtok==1.5.11
    # via yake
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via
    #   pyecharts
    #   streamlit-echarts
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.23
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
streamlit==1.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   streamlit-echarts
streamlit-echarts==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via yake
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   plotly
    #   streamlit
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
toolz==0.12.0
    # via altair
tornado==6.4
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via nltk
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzlocal==5.2
    # via streamlit
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
vadersentiment==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
validators==0.22.0
    # via streamlit
wcwidth==0.2.12
    # via prettytable
wordcloud==1.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
yake==0.4.8
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
